Refactor dart format (#5845)
dart-lang/site-www: src/content/tools/dart-format.md

```console
$ dart format .
```

### Specify multiple paths

To specify multiple files or directories, use a space-delimited list.

**Example:** To format all Dart files under the `lib` directory,
plus one Dart file under the `bin` directory:

```console
$ dart format lib bin/updater.dart 
```

### Prevent overwriting Dart files

By default, `dart format` **overwrites** the Dart files.

* To not overwrite the files, add the `--output` or `-o` flag.
* To get the contents of the formatted files, add `-o show` or `-o json`.
* To see only which files _would_ change, add `-o none`.

```console
$ dart format -o show bin/my_app.dart
```

## Notify when changes occur

To make `dart format` return an exit code when formatting changes occur,
add the `--set-exit-if-changed` flag.

* If changes occur, the `dart format` command returns an exit code of `1`.
* If changes don't occur, the `dart format` command returns an exit code of `0`.

Use exit codes with continuous integration (CI) systems
so they can trigger another action in response to the exit code.

```console
$ dart format -o none --set-exit-if-changed bin/my_app.dart
```

## Use trailing commas

> Dart code often involves building fairly deep tree-shaped data structures.

Reviewer: I'd remove this line (more relevant to Flutter than Dart)
```suggestion
```

> Dart improves code formatting when you include the optional trailing commas.
> To keep your desired formatting,
> add a trailing comma at the end of parameter lists in functions, methods,
> and constructors.
> Dart formatter then inserts an appropriate amount of line breaks for
> Dart-style code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use optional trailing commas for better automatic formatting.
Add a trailing comma at the end of parameter lists in functions, methods,
and constructors.
This helps the formatter insert the appropriate amount of line breaks for
Dart-style code.
```

I think this needs example code (like the Flutter docs section on the same topic). I can't reproduce what it's saying here.
